README.md, before:

# Billing & Transaction Monitoring

Monitors user identity verification events for billing purposes

## Prerequisites

- [SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html) - Used to build and deploy the application
- [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) - to install and manage node versions
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) - Required to run SAM locally

If you are new to the Billing & Transaction Monitoring team, please also read [our New Starters guide](https://govukverify.atlassian.net/l/cp/XMirz7JE)

## Do this once

Install and use the correct node version (using .nvmrc):

```sh
nvm install
```

Install packages from lock file:

```sh
npm ci
```

Install husky hooks:

```sh
npm run husky:install
```

## Check before commit

```sh
npm run build:template
checkov -f template.yaml --framework cloudformation --external-checks-git git@github.com:alphagov/di-devplatform-checkov-hook.git//src/gds_digitalidentity_checkovhook/custom_policies
```

N.B. You may get Python errors due to conflicting dependencies with SAM CLI. If you do, run this and try again:

```sh
pip3 install checkov
```

## LocalStack

The entire stack can be brought up locally using localstack.

### Requirements

- Python
- Docker

### To install

```sh
python3 -m pip install localstack
pip3 install aws-sam-cli-local
```

### Start localstack

N.B. You may need to run

```sh
gds aws di-btm-dev -s
```

before this to gain the correct privileges and will need to be on the VPN.

```sh
docker run --rm -it -p 4566:4566 -p 4571:4571 -e LOCALSTACK_DEBUG=1 localstack/localstack
```

### Bringing up the stack

```sh
npm run build
npm run build:template NO_LOCAL
samlocal build
samlocal deploy --resolve-s3 --config-env local
```

N.B. You may get Python errors due to conflicting dependencies with Checkov. If you do, run this and try again:

```sh
pip3 install aws-sam-cli
```

### Interrogating the stack

Any of the aws commands can now be used by adding the --endpoint-url parameter e.g.

List all topics

```sh
aws --endpoint-url=http://localhost:4566 sns list-topics
```

Publish a message on the SNS topic

```sh
aws --endpoint-url=http://localhost:4566 sns publish --topic-arn arn:aws:sns:eu-west-2:000000000000:TestTxMATopic --message '{"event_id":"67e5-4b66-a403","timestamp":1668124800,"timestamp_formatted":"2022-11-11T09:26:18.000Z","event_name":"IPV_PASSPORT_CRI_REQUEST_SENT","component_id":"https://test.gov.uk","reIngestCount":0, "client_id": "client1"}'
```

List the buckets in S3

```sh
aws --endpoint-url=http://localhost:4566 s3api list-buckets
```

Read from s3

```sh
aws --endpoint-url=http://localhost:4566 s3api list-objects --bucket di-btm-storagebucket-fc161d3a
```

### Running the integration tests

To run the tests against aws environment

```
npm i
npm run test:integration

```

To run the tests against local environment

```
npm i
npm run test:integration:local
```

To generate emailable allure report after running the integration test

```
 docker run --name allure -p 5050:5050  \
                 -v ${PWD}/allure-results:/app/allure-results \
                 -v ${PWD}/allure-reports:/app/default-reports \
                 frankescobar/allure-docker-service
```

To clean the allure results and allure reports folder

```
npm run beforeIntTest
```

## Deploy

To deploy to the `dev` environment on the main stack `di-btm`, commit to the `main` branch, this will also deploy into
the `build` environment in the build account.

To deploy to your own on-demand stack:

Log in to the `dev` account using your method of choice (`gds-cli`, AWS profiles, etc.).
Then run:

```
export ENV_NAME=dev-od-ph-purpose
```

Replace `ph` with your initials and replace `purpose` with a very short purpose of the env like `testing`.

Then run:

```
npm run sam:build
npm run sam:deploy
```

`npm run test:integration` should automatically run against your own env as long as the env-variable `ENV_NAME` is
properly set and exported.

To run the texract function integration test

The test invoice file needs to be manually uploaded into test S3 bucket (ENV_NAME-test-invoice-pdf) with name Invoice.pdf

When deploying to the production environment for the first time or updating real expected supplier transaction prices,
the price file needs to be manually uploaded into config S3 bucket di-btm-production-config-bucket in the prices folder
with name prices.csv

After deploying to any environment for the first time, if you want to receive alerts about errors, manually create a
CloudFormation stack in the Amazon Web Services console with `alert-chatbot-template.yaml` and the parameters for the
Slack workspace and channel IDs (eleven- and nine-character codes found in the URL for the Slack channel) as well as
the Amazon Resource Name for Simple Notification Service output by the `di-btm` stack

## Destroying your on-demand stack

To destroy your stack, make sure `ENV_NAME` is set as explained above and run:

```
npm run sam:teardown
```

The might be some manual interaction needed, the script will tell you what to do.

## Licence

[MIT License](LICENCE)

Commit message:

Use the separate config stack di-btm-config-$ENV. Removed parts that went into the config stack. Also some test refactoring.

README.md, after:

# Billing & Transaction Monitoring

Monitors user identity verification events for billing purposes

## Prerequisites

- [SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html) - Used to build and deploy the application
- [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) - to install and manage node versions
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) - Required to run SAM locally

If you are new to the Billing & Transaction Monitoring team, please also read [our New Starters guide](https://govukverify.atlassian.net/l/cp/XMirz7JE)

## Do this once

Install and use the correct node version (using .nvmrc):

```sh
nvm install
```

Install packages from lock file:

```sh
npm ci
```

Install husky hooks:

```sh
npm run husky:install
```

## Check before commit

```sh
npm run build:template
checkov -f template.yaml --framework cloudformation --external-checks-git git@github.com:alphagov/di-devplatform-checkov-hook.git//src/gds_digitalidentity_checkovhook/custom_policies
```

N.B. You may get Python errors due to conflicting dependencies with SAM CLI. If you do, run this and try again:

```sh
pip3 install checkov
```

## LocalStack

The entire stack can be brought up locally using localstack.

### Requirements

- Python
- Docker

### To install

```sh
python3 -m pip install localstack
pip3 install aws-sam-cli-local
```

### Start localstack

N.B. You may need to run

```sh
gds aws di-btm-dev -s
```

before this to gain the correct privileges and will need to be on the VPN.

```sh
docker run --rm -it -p 4566:4566 -p 4571:4571 -e LOCALSTACK_DEBUG=1 localstack/localstack
```

### Bringing up the stack

```sh
npm run build
npm run build:template NO_LOCAL
samlocal build
samlocal deploy --resolve-s3 --config-env local
```

N.B. You may get Python errors due to conflicting dependencies with Checkov. If you do, run this and try again:

```sh
pip3 install aws-sam-cli
```

### Interrogating the stack

Any of the aws commands can now be used by adding the --endpoint-url parameter e.g.

List all topics

```sh
aws --endpoint-url=http://localhost:4566 sns list-topics
```

Publish a message on the SNS topic

```sh
aws --endpoint-url=http://localhost:4566 sns publish --topic-arn arn:aws:sns:eu-west-2:000000000000:TestTxMATopic --message '{"event_id":"67e5-4b66-a403","timestamp":1668124800,"timestamp_formatted":"2022-11-11T09:26:18.000Z","event_name":"IPV_PASSPORT_CRI_REQUEST_SENT","component_id":"https://test.gov.uk","reIngestCount":0, "client_id": "client1"}'
```

List the buckets in S3

```sh
aws --endpoint-url=http://localhost:4566 s3api list-buckets
```

Read from s3

```sh
aws --endpoint-url=http://localhost:4566 s3api list-objects --bucket di-btm-storagebucket-fc161d3a
```

### Running the integration tests

To run the tests against aws environment

```
npm i
npm run test:integration

```

To run the tests against local environment

```
npm i
npm run test:integration:local
```

To generate emailable allure report after running the integration test

```
 docker run --name allure -p 5050:5050  \
                 -v ${PWD}/allure-results:/app/allure-results \
                 -v ${PWD}/allure-reports:/app/default-reports \
                 frankescobar/allure-docker-service
```

To clean the allure results and allure reports folder

```
npm run beforeIntTest
```

## Deploy

To deploy to the `dev` environment on the main stack `di-btm`, commit to the `main` branch, this will also deploy into
the `build` environment in the build account.

To deploy to your own on-demand stack:

Log in to the `dev` account using your method of choice (`gds-cli`, AWS profiles, etc.).
Then run:

```
export ENV_NAME=dev-od-ph-purpose
```

Replace `ph` with your initials and replace `purpose` with a very short purpose of the env like `testing`.

Then run:

```
npm run sam:build
npm run sam:deploy
```

`npm run test:integration` should automatically run against your own env as long as the env-variable `ENV_NAME` is
properly set and exported.

In rare cases you might want to run the integration tests against a different config stack. You can then export the
`CONFIG_NAME` env-variable before running the tests and it should use a config-stack with the name
`di-btm-config-${CONFIG_NAME}` instead of the default config-stack `di-btm-config-dev`.

### Alerts in ephemeral environments

After deploying to any environment for the first time, if you want to receive alerts about errors, manually create a
CloudFormation stack in the Amazon Web Services console with `alert-chatbot-template.yaml` and the parameters for the
Slack workspace and channel IDs (eleven- and nine-character codes found in the URL for the Slack channel) as well as
the Amazon Resource Name for Simple Notification Service output by the `di-btm` stack

## Destroying your on-demand stack

To destroy your stack, make sure `ENV_NAME` is set as explained above and run:

```
npm run sam:teardown
```

The might be some manual interaction needed, the script will tell you what to do.

## Licence

[MIT License](LICENCE)
